DM-46547: Migrate and Update (#7)
lsst-dm/dmtn-214: index.rst

The recommended deployment order for easy troubleshooting is:

1. Deploy the controller nodepool.
2. Deploy the kafka nodepool. Note: Both will be empty until Kafka is deployed
3. Deploy Alert Stream Kafka. Note: It may take some time for the deployment to create the services and pods
4. Deploy strimzi registry operator
5. Deploy the schema registry
6. Deploy the ingress schema for the schema registry
7. Deploy other services

The strimzi registry operator and schema registry can be a bit of a chicken or egg problem, and you
may have to re-deploy the operator again after the schema registry, and then redeploy the registry for
the two to reconcile with each other after the schema ingress and schema registry are deployed. If Kafka has not

> properly built and all pods have not properly built, you will likely end up wih and empty schema registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
properly built and all pods have not properly built, you will likely end up with an empty schema registry.
```
